Proofreading - previously checked files (#11750)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/configurations-for-ivad-vpu.md

For advanced configuration steps for your IEI Mustang-V100-MX8 accelerator, see [Configurations for IEI Mustang-V100-MX8-R10 card](configurations-for-iei-card.md).

> After configuration is done, you are ready to go to <a href="openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_windows.html#get-started">Start Using the Toolkit</a> section to learn the basic OpenVINO™ toolkit workflow and run code samples and demo applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After finishing the configuration, you are ready to go to <a href="openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_windows.html#get-started">Start Using the Toolkit</a> section to learn the basic OpenVINO™ toolkit workflow and run code samples and demo applications.
```
